User Stories / Use cases

1. The end user must be able to sort the countries of the world, continents or regions by population size
2. The end user must be able to search the top user inputted number of highest population countries in the world, continents or regions
	eg top 10 countries in Asia by population, top 15 countries in Europe by population
3. The end user must be able to sort the cities of the world, continents or regions by population size
4. The end user must be able to search the top user inputted number of highest population cities in the world, continents, regions or districts
	eg top 10 cities in Texas by population, top 15 cities in Brazil by population
5. The end user must be able to order capital cities by population of the world, continents or regions
6. The end user must be able to search the top user inputted number of highest population capital cities in the world, continents or regions
	eg top 10 capital cities in Africa by population, top 15 capital cities in East Asia by population
7. The end user must be able to display the total population, urban population and rural population of each continents, regions or country
	eg what is the population split of Russia, what is the population split of the Middle East
8. The end user must be able to display the population of either the world, continents, regions, districts and cities
	eg what is the population of New Mexico, what is the population of Oceania
9. The end user must be able to display the population of Chinese, English, Hindi, Spanish and Arabic speakers
	eg how many people speak Hindi? how many people speak Spanish?   
10. The end user must be able to produce a country report that displays; Code, Name, Continent, Region, Population and Capital  
	eg produce a report on The United Kingdom, produce a report on Iran
11. The end user must be able to produce a city report that displays; Name, Country, District and Population  
	eg produce a report on Glasgow, produce a report on San Diego 
12. The end user must be able to produce a capital city report that displays; Name, Country and Population  
	eg produce a report on Beijing, produce a report on London
13. The end user must be able to produce a population report on a requested continent, region or country that displays total population, total urban population including percentage of total and total rural population including percentage of total
	eg produce a population report on England, produce a population report of South America  


   